Title: "iris authentication based bank management system" 
==========================
About project:
The "Iris-Based Bank Management System" is an innovative and secure approach to enhancing bank management 
system using biometric technology. The project leverages iris recognition technology to provide seamless 
and reliable authentication for customers within the banking environment. This system aims to 
streamline various banking processes while ensuring a high level of security and efficiency.

In my project i have two modules one is bank and another one is customer. The bank can create the customer's account with finger print and display 
the customers accounts.In customer part have login page with finger print authentication while entering customer and customer can widthral his own 
money and customer has to create benificery account to share money to friends and others with voice over the each transactions.

Project Description:
Within my project, I designed and implemented a comprehensive system comprising two distinct modules: the Bank Module and the Customer Module. 

The Bank Module empowers bank personnel to efficiently create customer accounts using fingerprint-based authentication. This module also facilitates
the seamless display of customer account information, ensuring swift access to crucial details. On the other hand, the Customer Module offers a 
secure and user-friendly login interface, utilizing fingerprint authentication for heightened security. Once authenticated, customers gain access to
a range of functionalities, including the ability to initiate withdrawals from their own accounts.Furthermore, the Customer Module includes a 
feature allowing customers to establish beneficiary accounts. This functionality facilitates the convenient sharing of funds with friends and other 
individuals. An innovative aspect of this feature is the incorporation of voice-over guidance for each transaction, enhancing the accessibility and 
usability of the system. Through this project, I successfully merged cutting-edge biometric authentication, secure transaction handling, and 
intuitive user interfaces to create a holistic bank management solution that enhances security and efficiency for both bank personnel and customers.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The "Iris-Based Bank Management System" is an innovative and secure approach to enhancing bank management 
system using iris recognition by python library called openCV. The project leverages iris recognition technology to provide seamless 
and reliable authentication for customers within the banking environment. This system aims to 
streamline various banking processes while ensuring a high level of security and efficiency.

In my project, I developed two main modules: the Bank Module and the Customer Module. The Bank Module enables account creation using 
Iris authentication. The Customer Module features a Iris-secured login, allowing customers to withdraw funds, create beneficiary 
accounts for sharing money, and includes voice-guided transactions.
     



use word_counts_db;
SELECT words, count, termfrequency
FROM sensitive_data 
JOIN word_counts ON sensitive_data.words = word_counts.word; 	
